Sister, I knew you wouldn't abandon me
Mr. Su's plan this time
Sorry I came at a bad time
Come on, this is still in the company
Sister, it is only natural for me to hold my wife
lucky star
Sorry.
It took so long to recognize you
It doesn't matter.
It's still too late
Auntie, I have been traveling abroad for a while
I came back this time to bring you some supplements.
Please accept it with a smile.
What's even more difficult for me is
Are you helping me?
Xiaocheng, it's not that Auntie doesn't help you.
It's you two who didn't have this fate.
You should let Nan Nan decide the marriage by himself
You'll find a better girl later
It's okay auntie
Even if Nan Nan and I can't be together
You are also my elder.
Take this tonic
It's time to honor you
This
Take it. That's a good boy
Oh, it's our Nan Nan who doesn't have this blessing.
Haha, to tell you the truth
Fuxin is my brother
That's right, Fuxin, the president of Fuji Group you know.
He is wrong with me everywhere
So
I won't let him get his wish
Since you don't want to help me
Then I'll get it myself.
Auntie, you're down there and watch how I get Sue
Hahaha